okay so today we are going to are trying
to install this Arduino Uno onto this
MacBook Air via the USB cable there and
I've got the Arduino IDE install the
downloaded from Arduino CC no issues
there the problem that I'm running into
is whenever I go up here to tools and
then ice my board is selected Arduino
slash genuine Oh who no that's correct
but when I go down here to the serial
port
I have no serial port just show some
Bluetooth Bluetooth incoming port there
so we have an issue so did a little
research and came up with I need to
download this driver and I also need to
run a command after I do that and then
restart the Mac the issue is that this
is actually a clone of an Arduino Uno
it's not the official Arduino Uno so
that is the problem we're running into
I've got this downloaded open it up see
what happens
install continue and install
seems pretty fast
okay I did come up with a message saying
I needed to allow change my security
preferences so I had to allow apps
downloaded from and then I added that
that developer so there we go
I think it's continuing on now okay now
it says the installation was successful
one more thing this page right here said
we should run this command from the
terminal so I'll go ahead and do that
now
open up terminal
and I ran that command
now it says we need to do oh and I'll go
back over here ok we'll restart right
here
yeah it's final move to trash alright
we're now we're gonna let the computer
restart ok so now I'm fresh off the
restart and our do we know is loaded
back up so we'll go back to tools again
and ok or do we know genuine jigna we
know new is still selected and then the
ports we see an additional port right
here says a USB serial sounds like
something we want so we'll select that
port and so we're gonna load up the
blink sketch which is under basics and
blink there we go
now let's see if we can upload it I'll
back out a little bit you can see right
now we're getting a fast blink on that
led it should be one blink every one
second based on the code right here
delay 1000 press 1000 milliseconds which
is a second so let me hit upload let's
see if we get the error messages first
of all ok so that that fast blink is now
one second or 1000 millisecond so that
worked so to refresh and I'm gonna put
links for all this stuff down below the
three things I did to get this working
obviously we had a Arduino installed
that we downloaded from the Arduino dot
CC site alright and then the next thing
we did was we went to this Chinese page
to get the driver for for this I guess
it's a serial USB converter that's on
this this
cloned board we need a driver for that
converter and that's what this is right
here we installed that you have to click
on a few security things we also ran
that command in the terminal after that
restarted the computer and it was
working fun so hopefully that will work
for you there will be links and
everything down below for everything I
discussed in this video thanks for
watching